Now, let's add a splash screen to Android.
So firstly, we need to create
a image layout for Android.
So if we go to Android app source mean
Rez, we should create a layout directory.
So, Android app source main press.
Let's create a new folder,
and call it layout.
And then, inside it let's create
a file called Launch screen.XML.
A file launch screen to XML.
Let's just copy this layout here.
Now, you can view this within
Android Studio as well and
it will give you an idea
of what it will look like.
But basically this layout Is
framed as a type of layout, and
it's referencing a couple of
properties we don't have yet.
So we have a background colour
of splash blue, and a image.
And the image which is
a drawable launch screen.
So in order for this file to reference
these, we also need to create them.
So to add the image let's create
a drawable xxhdpi directory on the res.
So on the wrist let's do a new folder and
paste this.
And then inside this let's save
this butterflies image and
let's call it launch screen.png so
saving the jazz let's do carry projects
we check Android, app source main.
It's very deep folder
structures in Android.
Java, okay, and
let's call it launch screen.
So the name is important
because in here we're
expecting this to be called launch screen,
okay.
And then we'll also need to add the color.
So on the values,
let's create a colors.XML.
So here and the values we
already have strings and styles.
So in Android all of the strings,
and styles, and colors, anything
you use in your native code can even
XML value as opposed to paste it here.
So we have primary dark and the blue that
we're going to use for our background.
And one thing to know to
the way that we've set this up,
it assumes that you already have
React Native Splash screen installed.
So if you haven't already set it up,
make sure that you've installed and
configured the splash screen for Android.
And we haven't done this.
So here under Android,
we need to update main activity.java.
So let's do that.
So, we go to,
main Java main activity.java.
Will import the bundle and
the splash screen.
And uncreate,
will do splash screen show this.
Okay, so this is a duplicate input
on bundles that can remember these.
Excellent, so let's close this.
And let's rebuild from Android Studio.
So I said earlier that you can
actually see the launch screen within
android studio.
So if I open this.
It's currently not happy with me.
Okay there it is yeah.
So if I open this you can actually see you
can use a split screen or design screen so
you actually can see
what it will look like.
So it's coded in XML but the preview is
available same as the IOS version is.
All right and then we close this,
I go we got a splash screen.
So I think it's actually
building the Android bundle.
So now, we have our Android and
iOS apps with splash screens